[Javascript] Nullability: improve concept exercises (#2697)
exercism/v3: languages/javascript/exercises/concept/nullability/.docs/introduction.md

> ## Nullability

Reviewer: This should match the casing used in the config.json file (it will be replaced with the concept name when displayed):

```suggestion
## nullability
```

Author: Should change the title in `about.md` as well ?

Reviewer: The `about.md` file of the concept should not have a heading.

Author: Ok, it has been removed

> The `null` value in Javascript represents the intentional absence of an object value. It is one of Javascript's primitive
> types.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `null` value in Javascript represents the intentional absence of an object value. It is one of Javascript's primitive types.
```

> Nullability in Javascript expresses the intentional absence of any object value. It is represented by the `null` value.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## nullability

The `null` value in JavaScript represents the intentional absence of an object value. It is one of JavaScript's primitive types.
```

```javascript
// I do not have an apple.
var apple = null;

> apple; // null

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
apple; // => null
```

// null is treated as falsy for boolean operations, therefore

> !apple; //true

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
!apple; // => true
!!apple; // => false
```

```

> `null` is part of Javascript's primitive values, and it has to be differentiated from the variable `undefined`. The
> distinction being that `undefined` is the value of an uninitialized variable or type, while `null` represents a missing object.

Reviewer 3: I think this point is great, but probably belongs in the `about.md` document (formerly the `after.md` document).

```suggestion
Null values are often confused with `undefined` values.  They are two distinct primitive values in JavaScript. The distinction being that `undefined` is the value of an uninitialized variable or type, while `null` represents the absence of an object.
```

```javascript

> typeof null // object
> typeof undefined // undefined

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
typeof null // => "object"
typeof undefined // => "undefined"
```

> null === undefined // false

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
null === undefined // => evaluates to false by identity comparison
```

> null == undefined // true

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
null == undefined // => evaluates to true by truthy comparison
```
